Update Tutorial Readme (#298)
msupply-foundation/notify: docs/tutorial/1.adding_a_field.md

> Note: Because we've inherited the code base from open-mSupply, we are using an older version of diesel v1.x. The documentation for this version is available [here](https://docs.diesel.rs/1.4.x/diesel/index.html).

To add a new field to the database, we need to create a migration file for our change.

> This can be done with the [Diesel CLI tool](https://crates.io/crates/diesel_cli){:target="\_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done with the [Diesel CLI tool](https://crates.io/crates/diesel_cli).
```
Currently rendering like this, but probably fine without?
![Screenshot 2024-12-20 at 5 31 00 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b1c2b56b-e6d0-47aa-9ece-555d7f480ab2)

Reviewer 2: Updated here 04476f1de3f647a92958b4ae2d69a01083cb27e0

To add a new field to the database, we need to create a migration file for our change.
This can be done with the [Diesel CLI tool](https://crates.io/crates/diesel_cli).

<details open>
<summary>Setting up Diesel </summary>

If Diesel CLI is not already installed on your machine, run the following command to install it:

```
cargo install diesel_cli --no-default-features --features "postgres sqlite"
```

> By default, diesel_cli requires a set of features, which includes several not used in Notify. This command specifies that diesel_cli will only depend on postgres and sqlite.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, diesel_cli includes features for databases such as mysql that are not used in Notify. This command specifies that diesel_cli will only depend on postgres and sqlite.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated here 0da20c64c862c1bb71e98742d6d0c5a87a68503a

```

Running `cargo check` again, you'll find that there are still some errors with the mock data.

### Default data

Let's fix the rest of the mock data error using [rust's default trait](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/default/trait.Default.html).

> Effectively, using the default trait means that most of our mock user accounts won't have a nickname. Their nickname will be set to `None`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using the default trait means that most of our mock user accounts won't have a nickname. Their nickname will be set to `None`.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated here 0da20c64c862c1bb71e98742d6d0c5a87a68503a

Go through the rest of the mock data and add `..Default::default()` to the end of the struct, or add nicknames as you see fit.

> You may need to add `Default` as a trait in the struct in your `create.rs` file

Reviewer 2: Updated here 0da20c64c862c1bb71e98742d6d0c5a87a68503a

## Step 3: Add the field to `UserAccountService` structs in the `service` crate

The `service` crate is how we communicate between the `respository` and `graphql` crates.
It's responsible for any complicated logic that might need to happen between the database and the graphql api, and does most of the data validation.

> ### Generate function

Reviewer 2: Updated here 0da20c64c862c1bb71e98742d6d0c5a87a68503a

> You'll notice for our update struct, that all the fields are optional, except for the id.
> This is because when we're updating a user account we might want to just update one field, rather than all of them at once. `id` can't be optional, as then the service wouldn't know which user account to update!

> Using `cargo check` you should now be able to find all the places that need to be updated to include the new nickname field in the `UpdateUserAccount` struct. You might want to implement the [Default](#default data) trait for this struct too, so that you don't need to update all the test cases next time..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `cargo check` you should now be able to find all the places that need to be updated to include the new nickname field in the `UpdateUserAccount` struct. You might want to implement the [Default](#default-data) trait for this struct too, so that you don't need to update all the test cases next time..
```

Reviewer 2: Updated here 5f8e3080f6916db70046e23ce177ecfd8b9210c4
